――The Great Library Pleiades.

That was the official name of the Tower that Shaula had spoken when first inviting Subaru and the others here.

Since she did not seem capable of coming up with such clever words on her own, it was probably something told to her by the “master” who had ordered Shaula to manage the Tower.

And thus, Shaula had remembered those words and necessary explanations that had been taught to her with tactless honesty over four hundred years, and at that moment, she was finally able to present them.

And now――,

Ezzo: [――The Great Library Pleiades, and its archive of the Books of the Dead, Taygeta.]

Behind Ezzo, as he spread his arms out and declared so, rows of bookshelves were lined up. These bookshelves were arranged in a circular formation around the staircase leading to the lower fourth layer, with many rows, many tens of rows, extending outward from there.

Even when considering the rather large circumference of the Pleiades Watchtower, there was no way this space could have fit within, so there was likely some expansion of space taking place there.

Beatrice: [It is not something that could not be achieved through Yin Magic, in fact. However, to construct a technique that maintains its form over multiple centuries without an active caster is a skillful feat beyond the limits of human understanding, I suppose.]

And, to Subaru’s misgivings, Beatrice responded with an expression of wonder.

Beatrice was a Great Spirit of the Yin Attribute. Perceiving the sophisticated magic cast upon the Tower, it might have been natural for her to become excited.

Anyway――,

???: [――――]

Visiting the archive for the first time, Garfiel and Petra speechlessly widened their eyes, astonished by the overwhelming amount of bookshelves―― nay, by the sheer quantity of the books contained within, that was to say, the Books of the Dead.

That was only natural. When Subaru first became aware of the true nature of the books here on Taygeta, even while understanding the logic behind it, he too was left speechless by perceiving the vast number of dead individuals.

Petra: [All of these are… the Books of people who died, right?]

With a few words, Petra muttered in an astonished voice.

As she slightly averted her eyes in dumbfoundment, Subaru thought it was only natural. In this aspect, Petra had a considerable amount of guts, there were many instances where she faced situations with a level of tolerance that put grown-ups to shame. It was to the extent that when she encountered Sand Time, which tormented many of the people who challenged the Augria Sand Dunes, she had coped with the sand winds very energetically.

And even though Petra could put up with so much, there was a level of eeriness on Taygeta for which she could not maintain her calmness.

Garfiel: [――Hk.]

The same applied to Garfiel as he looked all around the archive, making a slight noise with his throat.

Rather, for someone like him, one of the two in the camp, alongside Emilia, who excelled at taking things in stride, perhaps it was not the eerie austerity of the Books of the Dead that might have overwhelmed him, but rather the sheer number of them.

Having just previously seen the hosts of undead in the Vollachian Empire―― the act of witnessing the resurrection and redeath of so many dead individuals, might have spurred on that sensation.

Subaru did have concerns about those reactions from Petra and Garfiel. However, the one he was most concerned about, also visiting this place for the first time, was the person whose objective lay here――,

Al: [――――]

Heaving a small sigh, Al looked all around the library.

His state of astonishment was more quiet than Petra’s, and his head looking around the archive was more loose than Garfiel’s, however, that was precisely why there was an air of tension about him.

It was to the extent that Subaru’s throat dried up when trying to call out to him, creating a sense of hesitation in him.

But, while he was hesitating――,

Al: [――I can’t read it.]

And, having calmly approached a bookshelf, Al had removed a single volume in a natural movement, and while skillfully holding it in his elbow, he had flipped its pages wide open.

There had not been even the slightest hesitation in that gesture, and since it had all been so natural, Subaru’s reaction of “Bah!” had ended up being delayed.

Subaru: [W-wait wait wait! Don’t do that so suddenly! You really startled me!]

Al: [Hm… ah, my bad. It’s just what I saw right in front of me, so I did it subconsciously.]

Subaru: [Don’t you find it scary to suddenly go for things you have no knowledge of!?]

While saying that, Subaru scrambled to take the Book from Al’s hand.

Being greatly shocked by that quick action, Subaru was simultaneously reminded of the danger Al was in. On the journey thus far, he had not made a very strong display of his attitude, but it was likely a result of the strength of his desire for the Book.

Subaru wanted to show that he understood that. But on the other hand, that did not mean he would not reproach Al’s rash behavior.

Subaru: [I told you this already. The Books here are, you know, way more powerful than you could ever imagine. At one point, I was right on the verge of becoming Meili.]

Meili: [What~ kinda joke is that~! Don’t say such scary things~!]

Her name listed as an example, Meili raised her voice in opposition, but this was no joke or anything of the sort from Subaru, but a dreadfully true sense of harm possessed by the Books of the Dead.

On the previous journey, in a loop where Meili had lost her life―― back then, Subaru had read Meili’s Book of the Dead, putting a huge burden on his mind, and immersing him so much in her life that a non-existent Meili began to dwell within him.

To be honest, the affection and familiarity Subaru now felt towards Meili, to a point that she was bewildered by it, was in no small part due to the effects of her Book of the Dead. If affection was something achieved by means of empathy and understanding, then Books of the Dead were the ultimate matchmaker.

But then again, by nature, Books of the Dead would absolutely not grant an opportunity for reunion with a deceased person in a living state, so such a development was only possible for Subaru.

Subaru: [That’s why you have to handle them cautiously. It’s quite possible that you could stop being yourself.]

Al: [To stop being yourself, huh… In a way, that might be the most desirable outcome.]

Subaru: [Al…]

Al: [It’s a joke, just a joke. Just an unfunny, worthless joke.]

As Al pitifully spilled out words of self-abandonment, Subaru’s cheeks stiffened.

Hoping that it might serve as the impetus for him to get back on his feet, Subaru had listened to Al’s request, and had brought him to the Tower. However, his doubts regarding whether this was a drastic method that would help or if it would actually end up deepening his wounds grew stronger.

Ezzo: [Natsuki-dono’s admonishment a moment ago was precisely correct. With the rebuking of Al-dono’s careless action already completed, I would very much like for Garfiel-dono and Miss Petra to be sufficiently careful as well. Should you heedlessly undertake the effects of a Book, it is quite possible that your mind might sustain an everlasting wound.]

And, behind Subaru and Al’s exchange, Ezzo cautioned the first time visitors.

Like Subaru, Ezzo’s words were filled with a nuance only possible from someone who had experienced the feedback from a Book of the Dead.

Without a doubt, just like Subaru and Julius, he was one of the people who had connected with a Book of the Dead――,

Ezzo: [While typically regarded without much importance, wounds upon the mind are quite the troublesome affair. There is no prospect to recover from them via healing magic, and there are many instances in which they are made light of due to the fact that they are not outwardly visible. Even aside from that, the influence of Miasma upon these lands is potent, so you may be prone to feeling low in spirits. As one of the senior folk here, if you feel anything wrong at all, please inform me immediately.]

Subaru: [T-thank you very much, Ezzo-san…]

Flam: [A splendid attitude to have as the eldest one here, Ezzo-sama. As expected, there is the implication that you fainted with wide eyes, frothing at the mouth and experiencing incontinence, when you first read a Book of the Dead.]

Ezzo: [Miss Flam!? You promised not to say anything about that, did you not!?]

Flam: [Seeing you convulse like that in the library made my eyes widen quite a bit as well.]

Ezzo firmly struck his chest in a reliable manner, but when Flam, his supposed ally, exposed his disgrace, he widened his eyes. Hearing that recount of Ezzo’s experience, the expression of Petra, who had once looked at him with a gaze of respect, began to cloud over as she said “Ezzo-san…?”.

At the gaze from the young girl, Ezzo hurriedly gestured,

Ezzo: [Ah, no, that is incorrect! Well, it may not be incorrect, but Miss Flam’s descriptions were too effective as a cautionary tale. Certainly, at first I was unable to bear it and fainted in quite a predicament, but ever since, I have learnt the trick behind reading the Books and have thus not failed in such a manner again!]

Garfiel: [A trick behind readin’ the Books? Somethin’ like that really exists?]

Ezzo: [It does! To put it plainly, it is to clear your mind. To close off your heart. If you enter such a frame of mind and put yourself to the side, then you can treat the incoming information as nothing more than information.]

Flam: [You make it sound so easy, but no matter how many times I hear it, I still do not understand.]

As Flam slowly shook her head, Ezzo looked around at the others in search of agreement. However, neither Petra, nor Garfiel, nor Subaru, nor Bearice, and most definitely not Meili, understood.

At the lack of a favorable response, Ezzo cried out “Impossible…!” in shock.

Regardless of Ezzo’s shock, if it was truly possible to protect one’s mind through the method he had spoken of to successfully read the Books of the Dead, then this was indeed a marvelous thing.

As someone who had actually read Books of the Dead, Subaru understood just how absurd that was. To be honest, even after hearing about the trick just now, Subaru did not think he was capable of doing the same thing.

Subaru: [You’ve got it, right? It’s possible to go into an unrecoverable state by doing something careless. So, for touching any Books outside of the one you’re looking for…]

Al: [I’d better stop. ――I got it. I’ll heed your warning. Even without that, it was thanks to bro and the others that I got to the Tower without any trouble. I’m not gonna complain.]

Subaru: […Well, that’s fine I guess.]

With those words, Subaru returned the Book he had taken from Al to the bookshelf. He did not know the name of the person written on the binding, but he handled it carefully as the sensation was akin to touching a tombstone.

Indeed, the Books of the Dead felt similar to tombstones or grave markers. That was why, he felt a strange sense of resistance against making a racket here.

Anyway――,

Ezzo: [Amidst this vast number of Books, finding the one you seek will be difficult. It would be ideal to really concentrate your energy on searching for it. ――After all, the Books on these bookshelves may still continue to increase even at this very moment.]

The comment added by Ezzo spoke of a steep journey distinct to the one of crossing the Sand Sea, with the meaning of scaling a sea of Books with no certain means of victory.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――I, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient Covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]

A deep, solemn voice reverberated, shaking the very souls of those who heard it; the voice of a being of a higher existence.

With the vast, blue sky as a backdrop, a majestic dragon perched at the very top of the towering structure―― The divine dragon Volcanica loomed over Garfiel, who stood there, stunned.

It was not the first time he had seen a Dragon.

On the contrary, during the recent Great Disaster in the Vollachian Empire, Garfiel had been entrusted by Subaru and the others to face off directly against the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia, engaging in a fierce battle with it.

The battle spoke for itself. Garfiel did not think he had outright defeated the Cloud Dragon.

Even so, the fact that he had not been beaten was something Garfiel took pride in.

Dragons were considered the most powerful creatures in this world. Whether human, demi-human, Witchbeast, or Spirit, they all paled in comparison to Dragons, which stood at the top of the rankings.

Though it was imperfect, having fought against one of those top-tier beings, Garfiel felt as though he had broken through a barrier.

However――,

Volcanica: [――Thou, who hath reached the top of the Tower. Step forth onto the first floor, almighty petitioner.]

The majestic, blue-white shining Divine Dragon Volcanica rested its wings leisurely at the top of the Tower. His instincts clearly understood that it was on a completely different dimension from the Cloud Dragon Mezoreia.

While it was not evident from its appearance, the experience as a Dragon between Volcanica and Mezoreia was as vast as the difference between an adult and a child.

???: […I had only heard about it because I missed the chance to see it last time, but seeing it for real is something else.]

As Subaru looked up at the Dragon behind Garfiel, he expressed his awe.

Subaru was sent to the Empire before he had a chance to encounter Volcanica at the Pleiades Watchtower. Although he had seen the Cloud Dragon in the Empire, he was just as moved as Garfiel when he saw the Divine Dragon Volcanica in person.

Because Emilia and Volcanica once fought each other.

Garfiel: [Emilia-sama, ya were bein’ too damn reckless…]

???: [Honestly, Betty also felt like she was barely alive, in fact. It wasn’t just Emilia, but Subaru, Ram, Anastasia, and everyone else were all in trouble too…]

Subaru: [Yeah, back then you were worried sick about us, Beako. Thanks for everything.]

Recalling those times, Subaru had a serious expression as he patted Beatrice’s head, but from what he had heard, it had not been the kind of conclusion that could be spoken about with such a heartwarming scene.

At that time, Subaru had lost his memory, Meili had betrayed them, and they had clashed with the “Sage” and Gluttony, causing quite a commotion.

Garfiel: [If my amazin’ self had been there, the Captain wouldn’t’ve been sent flyin’ all the way to the Empire…]

Beatrice: [Hm, that’s quite the claim, I suppose. Garfiel, are you saying that you could handle problems that even we couldn’t deal with, in fact?]

Garfiel: [Ugh, no, ‘s not what I meant, but…]

Beatrice: [One of Betty’s pretty jokes, I suppose. Betty knows you didn’t mean that, in fact.]

Beatrice laughed at Garfiel, who was flustered, thinking he might have said something careless. As Garfiel breathed a sigh of relief, Subaru said, “Anyways,” before continuing,

Subaru: [I caused everyone a lot of worry. I won’t say it was good that we got sent over there, but when I think about how the Empire might have been destroyed if we hadn’t been there, well…]

Beatrice: [It having turned out alright, is not something we can say, I suppose. Especially, when considering Al’s feelings, in fact.]

Garfiel: [It’s not just that guy. Schult ‘n the ol’ man were the same way.]

Beatrice and Garfiel responded to Subaru’s words, while he scratched his cheek with his finger.

In Garfiel’s mind, the image of the camp collapsing after Priscilla was gone came to mind.

With Heinkel gone and Al seeking the Book of the Dead, even the most optimistic Schult was desperately trying to pull himself together, but he was still in shambles. It was too worrying―no, too cruel―to leave everything to Roswaal alone, so he was relieved that Frederica was there to accompany him.

He wished he could help all of them, one by one, to move forward――,

Garfiel: [Sorry for taggin’ along like this, Captain. I jus’ really wanted to see the Divine Dragon for once.]

Subaru: [I was curious too, so it’s not something you need to apologize for. It’s natural for fans to be interested if they find out a celebrity is staying on the upper floors of a hotel… Although, going to try to meet them might be bad manners, huh? Maybe this is overstepping?]

Beatrice: [There is no reason for anyone to blame you, I suppose. If anyone has the right to blame, it would be the Dragon itself, in fact. But…]

Volcanica: [――I, am Volcanica. In accordance with the ancient Covenant, I ask the will of thee who hath reached the summit.]

Beatrice: [It is as you see, I suppose.]

Beatrice shrugged at the vague nature of Volcanica’s response.

Garfiel was also skeptical, but when he actually met Volcanica, he realized that it was true that the long, long passage of time had made the Dragon’s perception of the world quite vague. Even so, the extraordinary aura it radiated was what set this exceptional Dragon apart.

In any case――,

Garfiel: [I’m realizin’ again that there’s always someone stronger. I’ve gotta make sure I don’t get too full of myself.]

Subaru: […You’re strong, Garfiel. I’d reach you on the list of the strongest people I know quicker by counting from the top.]

Garfiel: [Isn’t it my amazin’ self’s job to get to the top, though?]

After ascertaining his own standing, he gave Subaru’s chest a light poke to let him know that he was not disheartened. Subaru let out a soft grunt from the impact of his fist, and then nodded with tears in his eyes.

And, as they were talking――,

???: [――Oh, so you were indeed with the Divine Dragon after all.]

At that moment, Ezzo, who had come from the stairs, joined them.

Ezzo glanced at Garfiel, Subaru, then at Volcanica beyond them, and,

Ezzo: [I understand. The mysteries of this tower are sure to pique one’s curiosity, but the Divine Dragon, Volcanica, a being who was indispensable in the establishment of the Kingdom of Lugunica as we know it today, is yet another subject of great interest!]

Subaru: [Haha, it’s probably different from Ezzo-san’s perspective, but I also admire Dragons. Volcanica’s way too big for it, but the idea of being something like a Dragon Rider is a classic fantasy for boys.]

Garfiel: [Dragon Rider…!? Captain, ya gotta tell me more ‘bout that later.]

Subaru: [Sure. Though having said that, it’s kinda like the flying dragon riders from the Empire.]

Garfiel’s intuition was triggered by the unfamiliar words that Subaru uttered while he nodded his head. He had a hunch that it was probably something extremely exciting and awesome.

Observing the exchange between Garfiel and Subaru, as Ezzo tilted his head and touched his chin,

Ezzo: [I see. I thought we might discuss the significance of the Divine Dragon from an historical or scholarly standpoint, but that will have to wait for another time. ――Now then, Natsuki-dono, as requested, I have finished explaining the library to Al-dono. For now, I have placed Miss Flam by his side.]

Subaru: [Thank you, it’s a huge help. I haven’t really had a chance to properly speak with Flam-chan yet, but is it alright to leave her there?]

Ezzo: [Your concern is unnecessary. She is the type who will clearly say no if she is adverse to something. Though, as a servant, it is a bit concerning that she says it so often…]

Beatrice: [We are quite accustomed to maids who say no to things they are adverse to, in fact.]

Garfiel: [Ahh, that’s for sure. Ain’t that the truth.]

Garfiel and Subaru exchanged glances and nodded in response to Beatrice’s remark.

Garfiel’s beloved, both proud and self-aware, was indeed a woman who could clearly express her opinions, regardless of her position as a maid. He liked that about her.

Thinking about it, Flam was like that too, so maybe it was just that women with peach hair were strong.

Ezzo: [Incidentally, Miss Flam has a twin sister named Miss Grassis, not only are they similar in appearance, but also in personality, which is quite troubling.]

Subaru: [You guys sure have a lot of variety over at Felt’s place, with Old Man Rom, Tonchinkan and all… speaking of which, Ezzo-san, how did you end up over there with Felt?]

Ezzo: [I was once indebted to Miss Felt and Reinhard-dono. I think it would be appropriate to say that they took an interest in me and brought me in because of that connection.]

Subaru: [In that case, you were a great find. Kinda like our Otto.]

A find, such was an expression that Otto himself often used, but as for commonalities between Otto and Ezzo, it would probably be their green features. Though, Otto had it in his attire, while Ezzo’s was in his hair.

Green finds were excellent and reliable. Thinking that, Garfiel could not help but chuckle.

Ezzo: [It seems you are enjoying yourself, Garfiel-dono.]

Garfiel: [It’s nothin’, jus’ some worthless thoughts. More importantly, bein’ called “dono” like that feels a lil’ awkward. “Dono~” just sounds so over the top, if ya get what I’m sayin’.]

Ezzo: [Is that so? I do not personally think so, but… in that case, I will address you as Garfiel-kun, as I do with Rachins-kun and the others.]

Garfiel: [Sure, ain’t like it’s our first time meetin’ either. Please go ahead ‘n use that.]

As Garfiel waved his hand, Ezzo nodded with an “Understood.”

At that exchange between Garfiel and Ezzo, Subaru looked back and forth between the two, and said, “Speaking of which”,

Subaru: [You two have met each other before, right? From where?]

Ezzo: [I am sure you recall the Pristella Incident… when the Watergate City was attacked by the Witch Cult led by their Sin Archbishops. I was called by Miss Felt to help with the aftermath, and thus entered the city. That is where I became acquainted with Garfiel-kun and Otto-dono.]

Subaru: [I see, so it was during that time…]

Garfiel: [Oh, ‘n there was a bit of a quarrel that went down then, too… well, it’s kinda a long story.]

That, was during the time when Subaru and the others had departed for the Pleiades Watchtower.

While Otto stayed behind in Pristella to recover from his injuries, Garfiel aided with the city’s reconstruction, and assisted in the retrieval of the Witch’s Remains that had been sealed beneath the city. One of the members of that excavation team was Ezzo―― along with Garfiel, Ricardo, and, for some reason, Liliana.

Beatrice: [Just from what has been said, it sounds like a group that would get into a great amount of wrangling, I suppose…]

Ezzo: [Albeit challenging, it was a time from which I learned a great deal. Of course, I was helped by Garfiel-kun many times. Though it feels strange to say it in front of him, he is a remarkable young man.]

Subaru: [Hehe, not at all, not at all.]

Beatrice: [That much is trivial for him, in fact.]

It was a bit embarrassing to see Subaru and Beatrice looking even happier than Garfiel at Ezzo’s unashamed and bold praise.

In truth, Garfiel also deeply understood that Ezzo had more than just a big head, and that he was an excellent magician in a battle situation. Though, it was a bit frustrating that he had underestimated Ezzo due to having an even more outstanding magician so close to him usually.

Ezzo: [――Now then, while it is not unfavorable to deepen our friendship, let us get through the issue at hand before doing so. I am having Miss Flam watch over him, but let us discuss Al-dono.]

Subaru: [――. About Al.]

Ezzo: [Indeed. There is just one thing I would like to verify, but… I suspect that Al-dono’s objective may lie in the resurrection of Priscilla Barielle-sama, but what are your thoughts?]

Subaru: [Wha…!?]

Garfiel: [Ahh?]

As Ezzo stroked his chin and spoke, Subaru and Garfiel’s voices overlapped.

At the sudden utterance of the word “resurrection”, at the very least, Garfiel’s comprehension could not keep up. Next to Garfiel’s befuddlement, Beatrice narrowed her round eyes,

Beatrice: [Just what do you mean, I suppose? The resurrection of the dead… if it is a matter of the Sacrament of the Immortal King, we’ve had more than enough of that, in fact.]

Ezzo: [I suppose you are referring to the incident in the Empire that I have only heard about in passing. The forbidden art of the Sacrament of the Immortal King captures my interest immensely, but that is not what I am referencing at the current moment. I worry about the method that Natsuki-dono jokingly spoke of earlier.]

Subaru: [I, jokingly…?]

Ezzo: [――A pseudo-resurrection of the dead, accompanied by means of reading the Book of the Dead of Priscilla Barielle-sama, and overwriting himself with her existence.]

Subaru: [――――]

Without any intonation in his voice, the words void of any emotion spoken by Ezzo permeated into his brain.

A pseudo-resurrection of the dead―― the contents of Ezzo’s words did not make sense to Garfiel. However, he knew from Subaru’s astonished expression, with sweat forming on his forehead, that it was not a nonsensical idea that could be laughed off.

Subaru was left speechless. Gazing at that state of his, Ezzo continued.

Ezzo: [As I mentioned previously, I have already read twelve Books of the Dead. The predicament I found myself in, at first, was a complete failure that I cannot bear to speak about, in accordance with Miss Flam’s statements. And, following the sensation I experienced at that time… provides an argument that the overwriting of the mind is possible.]

Beatrice: […Subaru said that their Memories almost blended together, I suppose. But, it is difficult to imagine that the reader’s consciousness would then completely disappear, in fact.]

Ezzo: [With the sensation of blending and mixing together, that is indeed true. However, what if the reader was prepared with a state of mind to accept all of it? If they were to go in with the attitude that they would disappear from the start, would the mind of the person read from the Book not then take hold without any resistance?]

Beatrice: [――――]

Ezzo: [Of course, this is just an armchair theory. It is not as though I have actually tested it. Only, when considering the motives of someone who seeks out the Book of the Dead of an important person they have lost, it is an idea that comes to mind.]

As Ezzo spoke of his deductions at length, a deep, uncharacteristic frown was borne upon Beatrice’s brow.

Hearing that from the side, Garfiel had no room to interject. He had been working his mind to try to get his head around it, and thought that he was beginning to understand it on a surface level.

However, even if the Books of the Dead were completely filled with the memories and feelings of the dead――,

Garfiel: [Somethin’ like that, wouldn’t really be comin’ back to life.]

Ezzo: [Ho, why do you think so?]

Garfiel: [‘Cuz… hk, ‘cuz, that thing. The soul! The soul ain’t there. It ain’t somebody inside a Book.]

As his mind got all jumbled up, Garfiel gnashed his canines and responded so.

It was not something he could provide reasoning for, or properly explain. However, since it was unthinkable that people were made up of nothing more than “memories” and “information”, he answered so.

To Garfiel’s response, Ezzo narrowed his eyes,

Ezzo: [Yes, I am of the same opinion as Garfiel-kun.]

Garfiel: […Huh?]

Ezzo: [What is with that idiotic expression and voice? It is ruining your masculinity. Maintain a dignified air.]

As Garfiel somehow managed to wring out an answer, Ezzo looked at his troubled face, raised a finger, and continued, “You see…”

Ezzo: [Garfiel-kun’s observation has hit the nail right on the head. Even if the Books of the Dead describe everything about the dead, even if the experiences and emotions accompanying those descriptions can be lived through vicariously, and even supposing the mind can be overwritten, that would not be a resurrection of the dead. It would be the birth of a distinct entity that shares the memories, experiences, and emotions of the dead.]

Subaru: [A distinct entity, that shares in memories, experiences, and emotions…]

Ezzo: [I do not consider that to be a true resurrection of the dead. I wonder if many would not also intuitively think that way? That is why, I wish to ascertain. ――Does Al-dono desire to resurrect the dead? If for that purpose, he has chosen the method of a Book of the Dead, his wish shall not be granted.]

Subaru: [――――]

Ezzo: [But, then again, if he wishes to keep Priscilla-sama within his heart, that is yet another plan.]

Slowly shaking his head, Ezzo brought his own thoughts to a close.

Being prompted to think through that manner of speaking, Garfiel’s teeth had ended up clattering, and he then peeked at Subaru’s state.

Subaru ought to have been the one who wanted to sympathize with Al’s feelings, and do something for him, the most. Hearing what Ezzo had just said, just what would Subaru think?

Subaru: [Am I an idiot? No, I am definitely an idiot.]

Beatrice: [Subaru…]

Subaru: [Until I was told about it, I hadn’t even considered such a possibility… I simply thought that Al just wanted to know what Priscilla was thinking in her final moments. That, and I was also hoping that he might be able to get himself together while searching for the Book…]

Pressing his fist against his forehead, Subaru blamed himself for not having thought of it. Witnessing his pitiful state of self-reproach, Garfiel grabbed the arm pressing his fist against his forehead with a “Captain”.

No relief would come from tormenting himself like that. This was something that Garfiel deeply understood through the white scar upon his own forehead.

Ezzo: [I do not think you ought to be blamed for not having thought of it. This is just something that I could think of because I have had the experience of actually reading Books of the Dead, as well as the tendency to look at things with a multi-layered approach. There remains room for doubt on whether Al-dono intends to enact such a thing. But――]

Subaru: [I know. I really do, Ezzo-san. ――If by some chance, Al wants to disappear so Priscilla can return, that’s a no-go.]

Firmly clenching his molars, there was strength in Subaru’s eyes as he responded to Ezzo. Then, Subaru looked towards Garfiel, who had grabbed his hand,

Subaru: [My bad, I caused you to worry.]

Garfiel: [Ain’t somethin’ ya need to apologize for. This time, it’s my amazin’ self’s job to worry ‘bout ya, Captain. Both Ottobro ‘n Emilia-sama are really countin’ on me a ton, after all.]

Subaru: [Well, guess there’s no helping it.]

As Garfiel released his hand and shrugged his shoulders, Subaru gave a wry smile and dropped his own shoulders. Then, Subaru muttered “Alright” and,

Subaru: [Let’s all agree to not say anything about this to Al. If he hasn’t thought of it himself, then it might go to serve as unnecessary encouragement. Just make sure not to leave Al alone.]

Garfiel: [If he searches for the Book when he’s by himself ‘n ends up readin’ it, there won’t be any way to stop him.]

Ezzo: [It would be ideal to locate the Book before he does. Whether you intend to show him the Book or not, having the Book grants you the initiative.]

Subaru: […Though, I don’t wanna think about it like a scramble for initiative.]

Garfiel: [Captain…]

Considering the possibility that Al might end up not knowing what to do, Subaru feebly muttered in the midst of the conversation.

To begin with, the reason they had brought Al to the Tower like this was to prevent him from ending up at a loss for what to do. And yet, if the act of coming here caused Al to not know what to do, then it was an act akin to putting the carriage before the ground dragon.

Garfiel: [――――]

Fixing his gaze on the floor of the Tower by his feet, Garfiel cursed the Pleiades Watchtower.

For what reason did the Tower store the memories of the dead in the form of Books of the Dead, tempt the hearts of those who seek them, and torment Subaru and the rest of them?

Beatrice: [Al is currently searching for the Book he seeks in the library, I suppose?]

Ezzo: [Yes, he should be.]

Beatrice: [What of the girl named Flam, who you left together with him? What sort of girl is she, in fact?]

Ezzo: [She is an attendant of Felt-sama… or rather, she is a servant of House Astrea. She is the descendent of a family that has served House Astrea for generations, so while she is young, she possesses strength that is not to be made light of. Without magic, I would not be able to do a single thing against her.]

At Ezzo’s explanation, Garfiel was able to understand Flam’s posture from earlier.

He had not seen her moving with agility, but Flam’s standing posture was by far the most beautiful one there―― she kept her center of gravity prepared in a manner that rivaled Ram. That was not to say that her abilities were equal to those of Ram, but since she worked for House Astrea, it was probably fine to expect her to have strength corresponding to that role.

Ezzo: [In all likelihood, Al-dono will spare food and sleep in favor of searching for the Book. We also intend to offer help to split up the labor in the search, but… what is the timeframe of your sojourn at the Tower?]

Subaru: [――We plan to stay for three days. Al has also accepted that.]

Three days, that was the predetermined period of their sojourn at the Pleaides Watchtower.

Even if Priscilla’s Book of the Dead is not located in that time, they would leave the Tower after three days, and return Al to the Barielle Domain, where he would stay by Schult’s side.

That was why, until then, Subaru wished to create an impetus for Al to regain his footing, and Garfiel also approved of that point.

It would be good if these three days could be used to serve a constructive purpose for Al.

And, ensuring that this time would not be used for anything else was――,

Garfiel: [――The duty that my amazin’ self’s gotta fulfill here no matter what.]

Clenching his fists so tightly that his bones began to creak, Garfiel firmly assumed his own responsibility.

In order to accomplish what had been entrusted to him by Emilia, Frederica, Otto, Ram, and Rem, who were not present here. ――And, by Roswaal too.

Volcanica: [――Thou, who hath reached the top of the Tower. Step forth through the first floor, almighty petitioner.]

Indeed, as Garfiel resolved himself to paint over the disquieting possibilities, the eyes of the Divine Dragon, the target of their gaze unclear, oversaw him and his allies with their unchanged state of ambiguity.
