???: [Kakakakka! Never would’ve thought that a fella like me’d die not on the battlefield but in a safe zone. Never in all my life have I heard of a shinobi dyin’ like this, but ain’t it just way too ironic.]

So spoke the monstrous old man, waving around both of his empty sleeves as he laughed uproariously.

Hearing that hearty laughter, yet being powerless to help with his healing magic, Garfiel was of mixed feelings.

――After the battle against the Great Disaster, Garfiel joined the healers, and was now treating the injured. 

Ever since coming to the Empire, Garfiel had continued to stake his life on fierce battles without much respite. Of course, his allies all told him that resting was a high priority, but he had not been able to listen to them.

Fortunately, Garfiel’s body was sturdy, and because of the Divine Protection of Earth Spirits, standing on the ground was the best form of relaxation for him. Of everyone within Emilia’s camp, Garfiel was the furthest from working himself to death. And although it went without saying, the one closest to working themselves to death was Otto.

Anyway――,

???: [Once you have decided to do something, any attempt to talk you out of it would be pointless. In that case, then go create as much of a debt of gratitude from the Empire as you can. There is a strong market for gratitude right now.]

Indeed, amidst everyone who was against Garfiel’s ideas, he was glad for the presence of the person he had feelings for, who made it clear that she was on his side. The way that her phrasing pointed out his faults was so characteristic of her, something he liked about her.

For that reason, while it was a shock to his comrades, Garfiel had volunteered to take up this role. Ultimately, the reason no one had tried to stop him, was because they all understood.

Garfiel: [When Captain’s havin’ it the toughest of us all, how can our amazin’ selves remain flustered?]

Grumbling that, Garfiel gnashed his sharp canines.

They had lost a strong, truly strong woman. Although he could not say they had fought the same enemy side by side, the sight of many dazzling flames rising up within the Imperial Capital had been seared into Garfiel’s eyelids.

That sense of loss could not simply be described as the loss of Emilia’s rival.

That was why, Garfiel was here.

Even if just a single person greater, he would prevent them from being lost. With these hands that had relentlessly smashed through the undead, that sometimes had no choice but to eliminate the enemies standing in his allies’ way through brute force, he would save lives.

It was contradicting. But, contradicting was fine. He would not think about difficult things. He would follow his heart, and that was that.

Following his heart, he would fell his enemies, heal his allies, and save them through his own power.

If Garfiel could save even just one more person by forgoing sleep, then he ought to continue doing that.

???: […Good grief, the nerve of young’uns ta immediately leave the elderly behind. Ain’t no helpin’ how revoltin’ that aspect of ‘em is.]

Garfiel: [Huh, is that sarcasm, gramps? Just ’cause my amazin’ self can’t heal yer arms…]

???: [Kakakakka! I wouldn’t say it’s sarcasm. Lemme tell ya, the source over my strength over all these decades has been constantly goin’ on and on about my envy and jealousy, ya know? Sayin’ that I’m envious ain’t a lie or anythin’ like that. Ahh, I’m filled with jealousy.]

Wagging his white eyebrows up and down, Olbart skillfully used his foot to scratch his neck.

He did not seem particularly inconvenienced by the loss of both arms, and nobody could tell whether that attitude was out of concern for Garfiel, whose healing magic could not do anything about that, or if it was the reverse and he was just teasing.

At any rate, regardless of what had happened to his arms, the old man was also a monster, since he could still move so much despite being all but dead.

But then again, when it came to the topic of surviving a near-death experience――,

???: [――Shut the fuck up, old ass fuckhead! Stop fucking with the guy who’s doing a fuck-ton of work even though he’s fucking tired!]

Olbart: [Oh, scary scary. That ain’t the vigor of someone who’s half-dead.]

A figure lying on a bed further back in the room shouted angrily, and Olbart laughed at that in a low, throaty sound. To that fierce vigor, Garfiel scratched and said “Oi”,

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self’s grateful for the <u>backup</u>, but worry ’bout yer own body first. You’re seriously just one step away from death… you’re in a similar state to “Vivirolo’s Offering”.]

???: [Ahh? I’m saying that it was thanks to you that I was fucking saved! Bastard, don’t fucking say shit like you won’t accept my gratitude… Ghgyaoh!]

Garfiel: [Shut the hell up, and sleep!]

He used his hand to push down the head of a short figure, whose entire body screamed as he fell back down. Such a thing was a matter of course due to the severity of his wounds; even if healing magic was continuously applied with full strength, it would not be able to keep up with the damage. 

In fact, even now there was a perpetual, intense pain that rippled through his body.

Garfiel: [It ain’t my amazin’ self’s place to say this, but I’m surprised you’re able to get up and speak.]

???: [It fucking hurts like shit and it’s fucking tough, but that bullshit won’t fucking stop the Great Groovy Gumlet. That’s just how it is, so use some poison or medicine or some shit to fucking quell… Guhhohhh…!!]

Olbart: [Give it up now, give it up. This is the result of ya ignorin’ all the signals in yer body. I lost both of my hands ‘n you’re basically as close ta death as me. Why don’tcha just retire?]

Groovy: [Like I’d do that, fucking duuumbass!]

In response to Olbart’s mockery, baring his fangs and shouting in anger, was Groovy Gumlet―― one of the Nine Divine Generals, and probably the one who had come the closest to death in the Empire whilst still surviving.

In the life-or-death bout against the Great Disaster, he had performed an absurdly important role. After all, it was he who had crossed blades with the lead actor of “Iris and the King of Thorns”, the Emperor of the Briar, Eugard Vollachia, and had cooperated with Halibel to eliminate the curse; he had been a key figure in securing victory.

Garfiel: [Heard that if ya hadn’t done that, everyone would’ve ended up getting immobilized by those thorns.]

Groovy: [I just pulled out whatever the fuck I could. After I saw off the Emperor of the Briar and the Admirer, I was just fucking lying down until I could give the fucking Fiend Sword to that fuckwad Cecilus.]

Groovy muttered as if he were sulking, but before he had fallen, he had put in a great deal of work.

He had taken Eugard’s curse into his own body, and then had allowed the Fiend Sword to cut it away along with himself; no matter how many times Garfiel heard the story, he still could not understand it. However, according to Groovy and Olbart, they could not understand Garfiel when he explained his fight against the Cloud Dragon, so they were the same in that regard. 

The accumulation of miracles and individuals performing to the utmost, that was the reality of what had occurred back then in the Imperial Capital―― nay, across the entirety of the Empire. Whether it was Garfiel, who had fought against the Cloud Dragon; Groovy, who had saved the Emperor of the Briar from his own thorns; or Olbart, who had sacrificed one of his arms to avert the Witch’s schemes, all of them had exerted their utmost.

There was no need to exaggerate their achievements, and there was no need to go against the facts. 

Olbart: [Well, as a geezer who’s got hardly any time left, it’s always hard ta see young’uns dyin’ one after the other, so it’s been a pleasure ta see ya fellas survive.]

Groovy: […Though aside from me, it’s pretty fucking dubious to say that guy survived.]

Garfiel: [By that guy, you mean…]

Thinking about the person that he had mentioned, Garfiel’s gaze moved towards the end of the healing room. And, sticking out in a strange and conspicuous way, he noticed the distinctive figure of something standing upright.

Even now, the healing room was still frenetic, with people running back and forth to tend to the injured; in a corner of the room, standing in such a way that it assimilated itself into the wall to not be an obstacle, was a being whose body was composed of steel―― upon noticing Garfiel’s gaze, a green jewel that was set into what appeared to be its head glowed,

???: [I, detect line of sight. Task, directive, or instruction, it is predicted to be one of these.]

While speaking so, lumbering over towards Garfiel and the others, was yet another one of the Nine Divine Generals, the one known as the Steelman, Moguro Hagane.

However, to be more precise, their race was distinct from the Steelfolk, and their true identity was that of the Meteor that served as the core of the Crystal Palace. This title, after the collapse of the crucial Crystal Palace and Magic Crystal Cannon, no longer held any meaning, but――, 

Garfiel: [Ah, sorry ‘bout that. My eyes just happened to wander there, I ain’t got any tasks for ya.]

Moguro: [Acknowledged. And, the other two?]

Groovy: [Nope, nothing. Stay over there so that you don’t get in the fucking way, Moguro.]

Moguro: [Moguro. That is me. Acknowledged. Will await further instructions.]

While Garfiel stood next to him with an awkward expression on his face, Groovy said this while motioning with his chin, which Moguro obediently followed, sitting down clinging to the side of the bed.

In doing so, they appeared like a slightly oversized decoration.

Olbart: [They’re ‘bout as admirable as a properly trained ground dragon or thunderwolf. However, that’s the thing ain’t it. Even the Crystal Palace can be forgetful.]

Groovy: [The Crystal Palace and Magic Crystal Cannon are fucking blown to shit. It’s a fucking miracle that there isn’t fuck-all left of Moguro’s core. It was also too fucking good to be true that it happened to fall near where I was lying down.]

Olbart: [Ya got along with ‘em the best, so maybe they came ta meetcha?]

Olbart cackled with laughter as he cracked jokes, to which Groovy snorted his snout in discontent.

As made apparent by their dialogue, Moguro Hagane did not remember anything from before the Great Disaster. If Subaru were to be asked, he would say this seemed like a “factory reset”, as it seemed like everything that this Meteor had acquired as Moguro Hagane had been erased.

An immense power capable of blowing away the entirety of the Imperial Capital was forcibly raised into the sky to prevent such an outcome, and had detonated without engulfing the area, so it could perhaps be said that this was a minor price to pay.

Garfiel: [How could I ever say somethin’ like that after what happened to Rem?]

Just how much of a weight was carried in someone losing all of their Memories up to that point, was something that Garfiel was keenly aware of due to the circumstances of one of their own.

It was not only a great turmoil to the actual person who had lost their Memories, but also to the people around them whom they had forgotten.

That was why, he understood the feeling―― he would not say such thoughtless things, though.

Garfiel: [Surprisingly, the things this geezer’s sayin’ might actually be right.]

Groovy: [Hahh? Are you also fucking mocking me with that load of fucking horseshit?]

Garfiel: [That ain’t it. I mean, it may be true that they don’t remember anything. But ain’t it also right that they’re not doin’ anything like tryna flee from ya?]

Saying that, Garfiel narrowed his eyes at Moguro, who was sitting next to the bed.

To be honest, that large frame sitting in the healing room was an obstruction, but the fact that they were making themselves as compact as possible to avoid causing trouble to their surroundings left a sense of good will.

To begin with, the fact that Moguro went to such lengths to remain here, was likely because they did not want to part from Groovy’s side.

Having lost their Memories, it might have just been something like imprinting onto the first person they encountered. But, Rem said that when she and Ram finally reunited in this Empire, she intuited that Ram was her older sister through a strange feeling.

Garfiel thought maybe that same “something” also remained within Moguro.

Garfiel: [Well, Captain also said something ‘bout Rem breakin’ his finger all of a sudden…]

There were also cases when that “something” did not remain, so it could not be said to be an absolute rule. But, since this was the healing room where people were healed, if Moguro had come here all on their own to heal their own heart in a place nobody knew about, then Garfiel had no reason to kick them out.

Garfiel: [Rather, the old geezer who does nothin’ but talk without even the hands to spare is more of an obstruction.]

Olbart: [Kakakakka! Really talkin’ like that ta me, this young’un! Well, I do get what you’re sayin’.]

As Garfiel shrugged his shoulders, Olbart waved his two sleeves about while laughing. Outside that exchange, Groovy rubbed his black snout, and looked at Moguro.

He looked at his former comrade in arms, who was simply nestling close to him without even the slightest of movements.

Groovy: [Don’t do such fucking sentimental things, fucking hell.]

Moguro: [Within statement, sound of liquid detected. In fear of unusual circumstances, requesting instructions…]

Groovy: [Fucking shut the fuck up!]

Moguro: [Understood.]

Hearing that fruitless exchange, Garfiel gnashed his fangs and unconsciously smiled.

Since he was smiling, he worried a little bit over if it was okay to smile, and then, following his heart, he smiled.

△▼△▼△▼△

Otto: [――So, Anastasia-sama will return to Lugunica via Kararagi?]

Anastasia: [Yes, that’s the plan. I’m in the empire as an envoy from Kararagi, y’know. I know it’s just a title, but I gotta do my duty.]

When Anastasia, smiling softly, openly revealed her inner thoughts to Otto, he accepted it with a quiet and casual “I see” on the surface.

However, his inner thoughts were not as carefree as his expression. ――Whatever the case, Anastasia had fulfilled her promised role for the Kararagi City-States. This would boost her reputation with the Kararagi Council, which sent her there, and Anastasia would receive another solid boost in her bid for the crown.

Of course, Emilia also contributed greatly to the fight against the Great Disaster when the Vollachian Empire was on the verge of collapse, and His Excellency the Emperor Vincent directly requested her assistance.

Although they were smuggled into the country when they entered the Empire, they would be able to return home triumphant and proud.

Still, whether it was the battle against the Witch Cult in Pristella, the capture of the Pleiades Watchtower, or even the rescue of the Vollachian Empire, both the Emilia camp and Anastasia camp had been involved. It wasn’t good that the prestige was not only Emilia’s, but Anastasia’s as well. —— Emilia needed to accomplish a feat without Anastasia, something of her own.

Of course, had it not been for their part in the fight against the Great Disaster that struck the Empire this time, the camp would have been far behind, even more so than it is now.

Anastasia: [There’s a mountain of things to think ‘bout, it must be tough for Otto-kun, eh?]

That momentary silence was pierced by Anastasia’s light blue eyes.

Despite being an approximate guess, this question had a certainty to it, thanks to Anastasia’s seasoned experience.

 In response to her prodding, Otto smiled back and said, “No.”

Otto: [It’s true that it’s a bit daunting, but if we were to talk in terms of having much to think about, there is no comparison to His Excellency the Emperor or to Prime Minister Berstetz, who need to rebuild the empire from this point forth.]

With that, Otto shifted the subject to someone else present ―― Berstetz, the Imperial Prime Minister.

In the conference room where Anastasia, Berstetz, and Otto met after finishing the battle against the Great Disaster, they discussed the future plans of Vollachia, which was now putting together a project for recovery and revitalization, and of the people who had been cooperating with them.

Amidst all this, Otto directed everyone’s attention to Berstetz, who concealed the color of his pupils deep within his threadbare eyes,

Berstetz: [As you say, there are many challenges ahead. But the truth is, I don’t think of it as a burden.]

Anastasia: [Oh, really? That’s awfully encouragin’.]

Berstetz: [In the beginning, I was a treacherous subject who colluded with the White Spider Chisha Gold to jeopardize the position of His Excellency the Emperor. Because of the circumstances, I was not executed during the battle against the Great Disaster, but I was still to be executed after the war.]

Otto: […but you are talking to us like this. There was no such action, correct?]

Berstetz: [Yes. The Emperor has so decided. Of course, should any of them have thought that I could not be pardoned, I would have had no choice but to take that blade into my body…]

Otto could guess what Berstetz was thinking when he broke off his speech. It was probably the biggest reason why Berstetz’s head was still connected to his neck―― the declaration made after the war by the strongest man in the empire, the Blue Lightning.

Cecilus: [Before any minor roles get bloodthirsty, I would like to declare that it is His Excellency’s decision not to kill Berstetz-San, so you all should follow it. If you go against it, I will have to show my sword-like side for the first time in a while. Besides, I have a vague feeling that Chisha had planned to the extent that His Excellency would not kill Berstetz-San. In fact, without Berstetz-San, it will be hard to go on, won’t it? Since Chisha isn’t here.]

It was too long and drawn-out a statement to be called a declaration, but it was a significant factor in dissuading those who knew of Berstetz’s deeds.

Berstetz, apparently thinking the same thing, made a slight smile as he said,

Berstetz: [I never thought I would be protected by General First-Class Cecilus Segmunt. If not the Yang Sword, I would have thought his blade to be the one to decapitate me.]

Otto: [And yet it did not. It’s an imperial situation, so an outsider cannot comment on it, however I consider it to have been a wise decision. A military officer in an emergency and a civilian officer before and after an emergency, such a person is irreplaceable.]

Anastasia: [I agree. If even Berstetz-san was removed and the emperor was the only one who could do the thinking, wouldn’t he die, even with the support of his lovely Wife-San?]

Berstetz: [Indeed, it is so. I, for one, am glad to see His Excellency receive a new queen. ――If it were not for this celebration, His Excellency would be facing too many hardships.]

Both: [――]

Berstetz shook his head loosely, silence falling over the room as he spilled those words.

In the midst of the silence, Otto turned his attention toward Anastasia. She, too, was feeling the weight of the same silence, though likely from a different perspective than Otto.  

The reason for this silence, needless to say, was the tragic events that had befallen Vincent―― the deaths of his trusted confidant and of his sister, the princess whom he shared the same blood with.

The impact of the latter was something neither Otto nor Anastasia could ignore.

Anastasia: [She really was a selfish princess.]

A quiet murmur escaped Anastasia’s lips, causing Otto to close his eyes.

The subtle sentiment was a rare crack in Anastasia, who usually had a bravery that remained unfazed in the face of any event.

This vulnerability, Otto had always wished to find it in Anastasia in order to surpass her. . ――Yet, he felt no urge to exploit that long-awaited vulnerability.

Why, if one were to ask such a thing.

Otto: [Because it is not reproducible.]

The vulnerability revealed at this moment was not a convenient tool that could be used in the future. It would be difficult to create the same opportunity again, and even if it could be, it should not be.

After all, a larger and deeper rift would open within his own circle than the one that had opened up within Anastasia.

Frankly speaking, that was also undesirable from Otto’s perspective. Over the past few months, the distance between the Emilia Camp and Anastasia Camp had narrowed too much.

???: [Maybe you don’t need to consciously try to play the villain.]

Otto: [――. Are you perhaps talking to me?]

Suddenly, Otto reacted to a third voice, one belonging to neither Anastasia nor Berstetz. His gaze was directed towards Anastasia’s neck, where the voice came from―― the spirit in the guise of a fox scarf, Echidna, looking back at him with her black eyes.

In response to Otto’s words, Echidna’s eyes slightly narrowed. 

Echidna: [The fact that you took it as a remark directed at yourself is a testament to what is in your heart, is it not?]

Otto: [That argument is not very convincing, since you said it while looking at me.]

Echidna: [Quite stubborn, you. A good match with Ana in that regard.]

Echidna, who replied with a sulky tone, had her head curbed by Anastasia’s slender finger as she said “Hey”. Looking at her scarf, who was giving Otto a hard time,

Anastasia: [Don’t pester Otto-kun like that. The moment ya were allowed to talk to anyone, ya turned into a chatterbox.]

Echidna: [Mhm, don’t talk like I’m just opening my mouth out of personal desire. Certainly, from my current position, I have to acknowledge that my previous circumstances were restrictive.]

Anastasia: [Jeez. I’m sorry, Otto-kun, for my child bothering you.]

Anastasia’s apology was met with a “” and a dismissive wave from Otto.

Echidna’s remark was meant to assert her own presence rather than to show genuine concern for Otto. Of course, Echidna, being closest to Anastasia, was also aware of the rift in Anastasia that Otto had noticed.

A deterrent to prevent him from attacking. It was necessary as long as she could not see Otto’s inner thoughts, and that he did not intend to take advantage of that rift.

Nonetheless――,

Otto: [I do not consider myself a villain. …If it is a role, then it would merely be acting, after all.]

In that sense, Echidna’s remark was completely off the mark.

The news of Priscilla’s death, which shook even Anastasia, and even more so the camp――Otto’s heart had remained unfazed such, he thought himself heartless because of it.

He had a few chances to exchange words with Priscilla, and even recognized that she was certainly a remarkable figure as a Royal Candidate. With that in mind, he felt so.

Otto: [It was entirely possible for a candidate to drop out in the midst of the Royal Selection.]

Naturally, he had not expected that she would lose her life in a battle for the survival of a neighboring country, but even when it came to the political strife involving one of the nation’s most important affairs, there was more than enough possibility for an assassin to be sent to kill a Royal Candidate, and for them to fall victim to that assassin’s blade.

In the case of the Emilia Camp, there was a pattern where the person who sent the assassin was, to much surprise, one of their own, but even without such exceptions, this would hold true.

He did not believe that the Council of Wise Men, the current governing body of the Kingdom of Lugunica, would not have considered these circumstances in advance.

If a Royal Candidate went absent, would someone else fill the seat anew, or would the Royal Selection proceed with one of the five seats remaining vacant?

It was Otto’s honest opinion that the latter was of higher likelihood, and the option he would personally prefer.

Given that such a situation would be of great importance to the Kingdom――,

Otto: [The plan is for us to return to the Kingdom within the next few days. The Empire would not want people from other countries knowing any more about their internal condition following the Great Disaster, now would they?]

Anastasia: [Same goes for us. Since it’d also be strange for us to have our steps in sync, dependin’ on if we’ve gotten all our preparations in order, we might be leavin’ for Kararagi as soon as tomorrow. Otto-kun, as for the report to the castle…]

Otto: [Please leave it to us. This is not a matter that can be communicated by letter after all.]

Anastasia nodded and entrusted the role of reporting to the Royal Castle to his side.

Frankly, it was a daunting role, but also a critical duty at the same time. Of course, Otto would accompany Emilia in this, but it would likely be an exceedingly difficult role for her.

In times like these, it was supposed to be the duty of Emilia’s one and only Knight to support her the most.

Otto: […With Natsuki-san’s current state, it would likely have the opposite effect on Emilia-sama.]

Anastasia: […From the sound of it, Natsuki-kun’s situation hasn’t changed then?]

Otto: [Indeed. Knight Julius has also turned up a few times, but it has been difficult. I hate to say this, but there was the impression that Priscilla-sama only ever gave him a hard time…]

Anastasia: [As far as Natsuki-kun was concerned, that was unimportant. ――How worryin’.]

Anastasia’s fingertips tickled Echidna’s neck as she spoke in a quiet voice. Echidna’s dark eyes also seemed to be worried about Subaru as she quivered at the touch.

There was an unalloyed sense of mutual affection between Anastasia and Echidna.

Berstetz: [I understand the opinion of the envoys of both the Kingdom and the City-States. His Excellency the Emperor has instructed that both nations be granted every courtesy, and has granted me permission to make decisions on the matter. If there is anything I can do…]

Anastasia: [Can’t say that I’ll be takin’ this lightly. There’s nothing more tense than bein’ presented with a blank promissory note.]

Anastasia gave a wry smile at Berstetz, who hid his emotions behind his thread-like eyes. Otto, who shared the same frame of mind, was eager to make the most of the words that had been drawn out.

This was his place in the Emilia Camp, not as a villain, but rather as one who undertook the “necessary evil”.

Because his nature was such, even if Priscilla had not died, he would have planned to use her origins in the Imperial Family as a basis to have her withdraw as an ineligible Royal Candidate, and he would have chosen to enact it.

Yes, he could have made that choice.

That was why――,

Otto: [――Even had you not died, you would not have become our enemy. As much as Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama are hurt by it, your death has… delivered me quite the hard blow.]

As someone from a different camp, with no reason to mourn and grieve her death, that was the least bit of condolence Otto Suwen could offer to the woman who had passed on.
